# Java Socket Server

This is a Java-based socket single thread server application with a GUI built using Swing. It listens for client connections, processes incoming messages, and sends responses back to the client. The server can be started and stopped via the GUI, and all activities are logged in real-time.

## Requirements

- JDK 11 or higher
- Maven 3.x

## Compilation and Execution

### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
    git clone https://github.com/StefanoMacina/SocketServerTester.git
    cd SocketServer
```

### 2. Build the Project with Maven

Run the following command:

```sh
    mvn clean package
```

This will generate a JAR file in the `target/` folder.

### 3. Run the Generated JAR

After generating the `.jar` file, run it with the following command:

```sh
    java -jar target/SocketServerTEST-1.0.jar
```

**Note:** Replace `jar-file-name.jar` with the correct name of the JAR file generated by Maven.

## Functionality

The client will attempt to connect to `127.0.0.1` on port `5000`. If the connection fails, it will wait 2 seconds before retrying, up to a maximum of 10 attempts. If the connection is successful, it will send the message `CB,01` to the server and wait for a response. The server's response will be printed to the console.

If the server closes the connection, the client will automatically attempt to reconnect.

## Project Structure

```sh
repository-name/
│   pom.xml
│   README.md
└───src/
    └───main/
        ├───java/
        │   └───org/example/
        │       └───Main.java
        └───resources/
```

## Customization

- To modify the maximum number of connection attempts, change the value of the `ATTEMPTS` variable in the code.
- To modify the delay between reconnection attempts, change the `DELAY` variable in the code.

## Contact

- Check my website: www.stefanomacinaleone.it




